hello I'm reini viard and welcome to the
Daily Global where we bring you the top
stories from around the world Israel's
confirmed that it hit the jabalia
refugee camp in Northern Gaza it says it
was targeting and killed one of the
Hamas leaders responsible for the
October 7th attacks the Hamas ran Gaz
and health Ministry says at least 50
people were killed with hundreds injured
the Palestinian red crants told this
program at least 25 civilians were
killed images from the scene show people
trying to rescue others trapped under
the rubble before the war the camp made
up of high-rise buildings was home to
more than a 100,000 people many of whom
have been there for Generations since
the formation of the state of Israel in
1948 BBC verify have located the exact
position of the blast you can see it
here and you can see how built up that
area is well let's get more on that now
from our International editor Jeremy
Bowen in a warning that his report
contains imagery that you may find
distressing the attack on jabalia Camp
looks to be one of the biggest single
Palestinian losses of life so far in
this
war jabalia is in the far north of Gaza
where Israel has been pushing
forward Israel ordered civilians to
leave this area many
did many others did
not the UN said some people even
returned to their homes because
conditions for the South were so
desperate an unknown number of people
are buried under the rubble they were
pulling out
Children he says oh God my three
children are gone three kids I hope I
can find one of them alive I didn't bid
them
farewell
jabalia covers just over half a square
mile
116,000 refugees were registered here
with the UN before the
war he says it's a massacre 30 to 40
homes blown to Pieces bodies everywhere
everyone's looking for their beloved
ones dozens of bodies were taken to the
nearest hospital Israel said says it
targets Hamas and if civilians are
killed it's because they're being used
as human
Shields Hamas released these pictures of
their men emerging from part of their
extensive tunnel Network it's hard to
work out with any Precision what's
happening in the ground wall both sides
claim to have killed their enemies Hamas
will try to use hitandrun Guerilla
tactics against a much more powerful
Army Israel released these p pictures it
seems clear they're pressing forward
some Reports say they're closer to Gaza
City without entering it yet moving
through relatively open Villages is much
less of a military challenge than
advancing into a
city on their side of the Gaza border
Israel has plenty of force in reserve
and it says a long fight ahead we don't
have much detail about what the Israelis
are doing inside aaza they are working
very hard to control the information
Battlefield which is a big part of
modern war they are releasing some video
and some generalized communic about
success but they are minimizing
access jabalia will fuel the controversy
about killing Palestinian civilians an
intentional casualties Israel says in a
just War America warned Israel not to be
blinded by
rage and Palestinians believe Israel is
inflicting another catastrophe on them
Jeremy bow BBC News Southern Israel